hey what's up guys is engage tutorials
and today I'm here to show you how to
get out of the map downturn just go
ahead and do the knife lunge glitch at
this spot that I just showed and once
you get up here you need to shop and
jump so tell your friend to switch teams
go to the spot shown do a shocking jump
if you don't know how look up for it
look up a tutorial or I will make one if
you want me to just go ahead and he
killed me but I'm just showing you huh
do it again and you should get up here
successfully then follow what I do on
the screen and guys if you're wondering
why there's no music in this video I'm
gonna start doing commentaries over it
because every time I put music a certain
type of music even if it's copyright
free it doesn't get monetization which
is stupid but anyway umm probably not
listening to me anyway just keep on
following me and once you get all the
way up here make your way to the other
end I didn't know what I was doing here
my friend knew how to get out and I
didn't even know but go up on this and
have your friend sniper jump you it's
the same thing as a shotgun step he hit
you with the sniper bullet cuz you're
far away and keep doing that until you
get on top of this like so and then to
get out you're on top of the map and
pretty much out of the map but you're on
top of this building and to get all the
way out and walk around down there just
go ahead and jump up on here and you're
on the ledge and you can jump down you
can jump to different buildings I failed
and died I fell down but I tried to
strafe to this building and there was a
barrier as you'll see in a minute look
at me failing
okay tried to hit a straight barrier I
sucked psyched there's a barrier but
there's burger town which is pretty cool
and don't go down the steps down there
because you'll fall into another world
like I just did alright guys that's it
thanks for watching please like like and
comment